And if you now look at our nav bar, this looks actually totally fine.
We didn't change the look at all but we simply made the code smaller and more efficient with flexbox.
That's really cool
but if I now look at the mobile view, because actually we work mobile first,
right
and click onto this hamburger, then
I don't like this look right here, because wouldn't it be better if these three buttons would be
centered right here?
I think it would
and if we look at the classes for that, we have this class right here, the mobile nav open class,
then we have an unordered list and inside this list, we have three list items,
well the structure right here is actually pretty common to us right now
and this brings us to your challenge now.
Turn the mobile nav items class into a flex container and add the properties in a way that the flex
items right here are displayed below each other, like that
but in the center of the page. Important, if you look at the code, you need to change or add the properties
right here to the mobile nav items,
so this class right here should become the flex container.
Additionally, have a look at the margins because you might have to change this slightly to really change
the elements inside this flex container.
This is now your challenge,
you can now pause the video and try to turn the mobile nav items into a flex container and then we'll
have a look at the solution together.
So how did it work,
were you successful?
Well, let's start now together
and the first thing you have to do of course is we have to add display flex right here and we can also
get rid of the text align declaration,
we don't need that anymore.
So with display flex being added, let's see and reload the page, yes
this looks let's say interesting. But if we now first say that our flex direction should not be the default
value but column because that's what we want to have right here, the buttons should be displayed below
each other,
let's reload and open it,
then it looks better.
Now keep in mind, we change the flex direction to column,
this means the main axis goes from top to bottom,
so we need to add justify content center,
right,
to make sure that the elements are displayed right here.
Let's see if this works fine,
yes it does, almost,
we'll dive into the details about the almost in a few seconds.
And if we now add align items to align the items along the cross axis which is from left to right
in our case because we have flex direction column,
so if we reload that and click into the menu, this looks pretty good actually as I would say.
Now I said you, before we started the challenge, that you might have to change the margins a bit,
so if we inspect that now, we see that the margins are not perfect
to be honest
but we can simply change that by changing the top and bottom margin to zero because I don't think we
need it anymore.
So let's see, if I now reload the page, open the hamburger,
yes,
now it looks good and we can still close it, open it,
this works totally fine actually.
With that, we added flexbox to our navigation bar, the mobile navigation bar and the desktop navigation bar and I
hope you saw already that flexbox
is kind of nice to use and can help you to change the way your elements are displayed in quite
an easy manner.
Now talking about easier ways to position the elements,
let's also work on the footer now maybe because the footer down here is working,
that's not the question
but it's of course not using flexbox right here.
Now let's see how we can use flexbox for this footer also in the next lecture.